Add FCR metrics (#22)
ethereum/beacon-metrics: metrics.md

| `beacon_partial_message_column_completions_total`   | Counter     | How often the partial message first completed the column. Labels: `column_index`       | On column completion by partial message    |

#### Fast Confirmation

| Name                          | Metric type | Usage                                                                 | Sample collection event                                 |
| ----------------------------- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| `beacon_fcr_slot`             | Gauge       | Slot of the most recent confirmed block                               | On after the fast confirmation rule execution           |
| `beacon_fcr_reorgs_total`     | Counter     | Total number of confirmed block reorganizations                       | On chain reorg making confirmed block non-canonical     |
| `beacon_fcr_fallbacks_total`  | Counter     | Total number of fallbacks to finality                                 | On reverting confirmed block to the finalized block     |

> | `beacon_fcr_restarts_total`   | Counter     | Total number of restarts from a safe unrealized justified block       | On restarting from the unrealized justified checkpoint  |

Reviewer: what about

```suggestion
| `beacon_fast_confirmation_restarts_total`   | Counter     | Total number of restarts from a safe unrealized justified block       | On restarting from the unrealized justified checkpoint  |
```

(not a fan of abbreviations)
